    Julietta with child.
    and there's Madam Juliet.                             Exeunt
    I got possession of Julietta's bed.
    With character too gross, is writ on Juliet.
  ISABELLA. Some one with child by him? My cousin Juliet?
    What shall be done, sir, with the groaning Juliet?
  ISABELLA. My brother did love Juliet,  
  Peter, servant to Juliet's nurse.
  Juliet, daughter to Capulet.
  Nurse to Juliet.
    God forbid! Where's this girl? What, Juliet!
                         Enter Juliet.
    I came to talk of. Tell me, daughter Juliet,
    Juliet, the County stays.
              Juliet, Tybalt, and all the Guests
                              Exeunt [all but Juliet and Nurse].
                                     One calls within, 'Juliet.'
    With tender Juliet match'd, is now not fair.
                     Enter Juliet above at a window.
    It is the East, and Juliet is the sun!
                       Enter Juliet above.
                     Enter Juliet again, [above].
Enter Juliet.
                     Enter Juliet.  
  Rom. Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy
    Hath been my kinsman. O sweet Juliet,  
Enter Juliet alone.
    Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet,
    Where Juliet lives; and every cat and dog
    On the white wonder of dear Juliet's hand
    Unless philosophy can make a Juliet,
    Wert thou as young as I, Juliet thy love,
    I come from Lady Juliet.
    For Juliet's sake, for her sake, rise and stand!
  Rom. Spakest thou of Juliet? How is it with her?
    What, rouse thee, man! Thy Juliet is alive,
    Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed;
Enter Romeo and Juliet aloft, at the Window.
    Come, death, and welcome! Juliet wills it so.
  Lady. Why, how now, Juliet?
                    Enter Juliet.
    Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye.
  Friar. Ah, Juliet, I already know thy grief;
                        Enter Juliet.
                                        Exeunt Juliet and Nurse.
    Go thou to Juliet, help to deck up her.
Juliet's chamber.
Enter Juliet and Nurse.
    Go waken Juliet; go and trim her up.
Juliet's chamber.
  Nurse. Mistress! what, mistress! Juliet! Fast, I warrant her, she.
  Father. For shame, bring Juliet forth; her lord is come.
    How fares my Juliet? That I ask again,
    Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee to-night.
    To Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee.
    Within this three hours will fair Juliet wake.
    Open the tomb, lay me with Juliet.                   [Dies.]
    He told me Paris should have married Juliet.
    Or am I mad, hearing him talk of Juliet
    For here lies Juliet, and her beauty makes
    Forgive me, cousin.' Ah, dear Juliet,
                                                   Juliet rises.
    Come, go, good Juliet. I dare no longer stay.
    And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead,
    Some 'Juliet,' and some 'Paris'; and all run,
    And Romeo dead; and Juliet, dead before,
    Romeo, there dead, was husband to that Juliet;
    For whom, and not for Tybalt, Juliet pin'd.
  Bal. I brought my master news of Juliet's death;
    Came to this vault to die, and lie with Juliet.
    As that of true and faithful Juliet.
    Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
